br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/compra/Compra.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.compra.Compra
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/compra/CompraCadastroItemDto.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.compra.CompraCadastroItemDto
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/pessoa/PessoaApi.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.pessoa.PessoaApi
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/profissao/Profissao_.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.profissao.Profissao_
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/endereco/EnderecoRepository.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.endereco.EnderecoRepository
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/compra/Compra_.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.compra.Compra_
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/tipopessoa/TipoPessoaEnum.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.tipopessoa.TipoPessoaEnum
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/bairro/Bairro.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.bairro.Bairro
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/bairro/BairroService.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.bairro.BairroService
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/excecao/ErroPadrao.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.excecao.ErroPadrao
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/pessoa/PessoaRepository.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.pessoa.PessoaRepository
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/itemcompra/ItemCompraRepository.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.itemcompra.ItemCompraRepository
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/profissao/ProfissaoApi.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.profissao.ProfissaoApi
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/compra/CompraService.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.compra.CompraService
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/profissao/ProfissaoService.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.profissao.ProfissaoService
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/excecao/ExcecaoController.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.excecao.ExcecaoController
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/itemcompra/ItemDeCompra.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.itemcompra.ItemDeCompra
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/profissao/ProfissaoDto.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.profissao.ProfissaoDto
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/endereco/Endereco.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.endereco.Endereco
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/itemcompra/ItemCompraService.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.itemcompra.ItemCompraService
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/compra/CompraApi.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.compra.CompraApi
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/pessoa/Pessoa.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.pessoa.Pessoa
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/pessoa/Pessoa_.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.pessoa.Pessoa_
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/pessoa/PessoaDto.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.pessoa.PessoaDto
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/profissao/Profissao.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.profissao.Profissao
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/itemcompra/ItemCompraApi.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.itemcompra.ItemCompraApi
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/bairro/BairroRepository.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.bairro.BairroRepository
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/endereco/EnderecoService.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.endereco.EnderecoService
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/itemcompra/ItemDeCompra_.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.itemcompra.ItemDeCompra_
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/endereco/EnderecoApi.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.endereco.EnderecoApi
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/bairro/Bairro_.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.bairro.Bairro_
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/bairro/BairroDto.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.bairro.BairroDto
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/itemcompra/ItemDeCompraDto.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.itemcompra.ItemDeCompraDto
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/compra/CompraRepository.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.compra.CompraRepository
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/bairro/BairroApi.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.bairro.BairroApi
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/pessoa/PessoaService.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.pessoa.PessoaService
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/endereco/Endereco_.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.endereco.Endereco_
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/pessoa/PessoaCadastroDto.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.pessoa.PessoaCadastroDto
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/profissao/ProfissaoRepository.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.profissao.ProfissaoRepository
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/SpringbootBasicoApplication.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.SpringbootBasicoApplication
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/utilidades/GeradorDeRelatorio.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.utilidades.GeradorDeRelatorio
br/com/megasoftgyn/projetoversao1/endereco/EnderecoDto.java
 br.com.megasoftgyn.projetoversao1.endereco.EnderecoDto
